If your mother's illness is not operated on again
The heart vessels are damaged.
You can only be in the body at most
How much will it cost?
According to the latest foreign technology
At least 100,000 100,000
What should I do in such a short time?
How can I make do with so much money?
Hit the door and was thrown out
July 12, 1998
Ah!
Ha tomorrow
Tomorrow is the day of Brazil's sudden cold bark in France
By the way, if history hadn't changed because of this
And that's what happens with the cookies you eat.
Just enough to cure my mother's disease
Mom
Mom, don't worry.
In his previous life, his son had hundreds of billions of assets
Start over in this life
Must be able to
Trillions and trillions of dollars.
The passbook is fake
Sorry, the account has been shown to be empty a few days ago.
It shows that it was picked up by the Snow Exchange.
Bai Xuejiao is another lowly
How can you even deceive the blood of the elderly?
success
monitor